his third stand-up special a man from
Kansas is available now on Amazon Prime
every Monday he co-hosts the one
millionth podcast with his sister Andy
and now he is with us from Jimmy
Kimmel's comedy club in Las Vegas Nevada
please welcome Chris Porter
[Applause]
I'm at that age where all my friends are
having babies on purpose that's a phone
call I mess up like 80% of the time my
buddies call she's pregnant
aw that sucks dude I'm sorry
Porter we've been married for three
years
I don't man these things happen for
better or worse you said it I was there
I told you to change that part they let
you write the vows for better or we'll
see
[Applause]
I had dinner with some friends the other
night they said we're having our first
baby
I said well see in two years they're
like what I said yeah man when you have
your first baby to your friends that
don't have babies you died you're dead
now you're like a weird ghost I talked
to on the phone sometimes at first six
months after you have a baby you can't
go out you're stuck in your house you
have an infant it's a 24 hour and Jayde
deal I get it
you want me to come over not gonna
happen
Chris you gotta come over and see the
baby first off I have Instagram trust me
I've seen your baby it's a matter of
fact if you don't find something else to
take a picture of real soon you're gonna
lose a follower I'll take a plate of
eggs at this point
I never come over at the right time
I always come over right after the baby
went to sleep so now we all got to be
super quiet watch football in the garage
like animals or even worse I come over
and the baby's awake now you want me to
hold the baby I don't want to hold your
baby you'll just stupid baby you ever
politely refuse to hold someone's child
there's no easy way around it they get
super upset and then when I finally give
in and say I'll hold the baby you act
like I'm an idiot it's my reward all
right man I'll hold the baby well you
got to support it snack no you know they
gotta figure that out when you hand me
your kid
wait a minute come here what's the
matter with your baby
it's necks all messed up it was like
this weenie handed it to me you know
about this soft spot and it's head it
blinks when you touch it look see baby's
asleep baby's awake
baby's asleep I don't know why you're
having problems with it it's got a sleep
button on it grab yourself a paperweight
and take a nap you guys been a lot of
fun thank you so much
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos